0. How many different colors does each format support?
BMP: 16 million. GIF: 256. JPEG: 16 million. PNG: 16 million.

1. Which of these formats supports animation?
GIF and PNG.

2. What is the difference between lossy and lossless compression?
Lossy compression occurs when the post-compression data is different but similar and useful to the original data, and lossless compression occurs when the post-compression data is identical to the original.

3. Which of these formats is lossy compressed?
GIF and JPEG.

4. What happens, technically speaking, when a file is removed from a FAT file system?
Its entry, its index, is removed from the root directory, leaving all cluters occupied by it free.

5. What can someone like you do to ensure (with high probability) that the files you delete cannot be recovered?
Use a tool that shreds files, that is, resets hd information.

6. What is stdint.h?
It is a C programming language header file that declares sets of integer types with specific widths.

7. Why do you use uint8_t, uint32_t, int32_t and uint16_t in a program?
To ensure that the consumption of bits in memory will be the same on all computers regardless of architecture.

8. How many bits are there in a BYTE, a DWORD, a LONG and a WORD, respectively?
BYTE = 8 bits, DWORD = 32, LONG = 32 in x86 and 64 in x64, WORD = 16.

9. What (in ASCII, decimal, or hexadecimal) should be the first two bytes of any BMP file?
The first two bytes are signature which indicate that it is a BMP file, two characters, B and M, 424D in hexadecimal.

10. What is the difference between bfSize and biSize?
bfSize stores the size in bytes of the bitmap file, biSize stores the number of bytes needed for the structure.

11. What does it mean if biHeight is negative?
Means your pixel bytes start from top to bottom, top left corner.

12. Which field in BITMAPINFOHEADER specifies the BMP color (bits per pixel)?
The biBitCount field.

13. Why can fopen return NULL in copy.c:32?
If the function cannot open the hd file.

14. Why is the third argument of fread always 1 in our code?
To check if the file starts with BM, as every BMP starts with these two characters.

15. What value does copy.c:69 assign to padding if bi.biWidth is 3?
Padding = 3.

16. What does fseek do?
Moves the cursor to a certain position.

17. What is SEEK_CUR?
A macro of the fseek function that stores the current cursor position.

18. Who did this? And where? And with what weapon?
It was Professor Plum, in the hall, with a candlestick. It was Professor Plum in the lounge with the candlestick.
